Augustocollado/learn section (#5)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/framework/templates.md

---
title: Templates
description: Substrate is a powerful blockchain development framework that provides many ready-to-use templates for building parachains, nodes and more, and allowing product teams to quickly and easily build Appchains.
---

> # Templates {: #templates } 

Reviewer: As discussed, we should probably expand this and put it inside the Tanssi section?

Author: Leaving the sections out (hidden) for the moment, to expand and publish in another PR

## Starting Point {: #starting-point } 

To start building an Appchain, there are some useful templates to kick-start the development process:

- **[Node Template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template){target=_blank}** - This node template contains a default configuration to quickly run and operate what would represent a single node in a blockchain

> - **[Front end Template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template){target=_blank}** - This template contains a web client developed using ReactJS and PolkadotJs API to interact with your Appchain with an easy-to-grasp UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Frontend Template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template){target=_blank}** - This template contains a web client developed using [React](https://react.dev/){target=_blank} and [Polkadot.js API](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/){target=_blank} to interact with your Appchain with an easy-to-grasp UI
```

> - **[Appchain Template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template){target=_blank}** - This template contains a default configuration to run an Appchain (a Parachain within the Polkadot ecosystem)

Reviewer 2: parachain probably doesn't need to be capitalized

## Running and Testing the Network {: #running-and-testing-the-network } 

> Becoming a Tanssi ContainerChain brings along the benefits of being part of a mature ecosystem, leveraging the inherited security of the relay chain and the ability to communicate and share assets and data with other siblings ContainerChains and Parachains.

Reviewer 2: This is the first mentioning of a ContainerChain, maybe link to where someone can find a definition or explanation of what a ContainerChain is

I think because Tanssi is different than Moonbeam, perhaps you need different guidelines on what to capitalize, like "Parachain", "Appchain", "ContainerChain", "Relay Chain", etc. 

I know I've made comments throughout this PR on not capitalizing some of these words, but maybe just take some time to consider it and come up with a standard for Tanssi to use and whatever you decide just be consistent and stick with it

> The template for an Appchain is a good starting point, as it is [cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/){target=blank} based and includes the additional behavior for parachains to be able to collate and communicate with the relay chain to propose blocks for finalization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The template for an Appchain is a good starting point, as it is [Cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/){target=blank}-based and includes the additional behavior for parachains to be able to collate and communicate with the relay chain to propose blocks for finalization.
```
